[Music]
hello welcome back tuna the video I hope
you doing really good today I'm going to
do another meal prep video in this one
I'm going to go through some breakfast
lunch and dinner ideas the full shebang
so I'm going to make four days worth of
breakfast lunch and dinner for the next
few days you guys loved my other meal
prep video which had some different
ideas so I'm just going to go through
some other alternatives as well I've
really appreciate it if you could hit a
like and subscribe to my channel it
helps my channel so much and I really
appreciate it as I did in the last
videos I'll do the same for Mac where I
popped the macros on the screen as well
as the prices so I'm starting with my
first meal witching a breakfast one and
it's a protein yogurt and frozen berries
so of course you're gonna need some
containers I'm just using these plastic
ones from Aldi or you could choose jars
whatever you fancy and then I'm using
two Toads of the sky a fat-free natural
yogurt I used to get one big toe but
they didn't have any so I just got two I
would love to see some of your creations
so don't forget to hashtag a meal prep
live and tag me on Instagram extra I am
using some frozen berries for my
toppings obviously you could use just
normal fruit whatever you prefer and I'm
also using some impact weigh in cinnamon
Danish fate flavor this is from my
protein and it's optional of course and
then I'm just grabbing a container to
put my yogurt into you and I'm emptying
both the topes which works out 60 and 40
grams of the yogurt in total and I'm
adding a hundred and 20 grams of protein
that's the optional part of course make
sure you use a big stir in Bowl because
I've made the mistake so many times with
trying to mix it in like the smallest
Bowl ever and then I just stir it in it
kind of goes to a thinner consistency it
looks like the most delicious cake
batter right now but yet it gets thinner
as you go so it's easier to pour into
your tubs how delicious does that look
and I'm just separating my containers I
just use these small ones and they're
super cheap from Aldi I think they were
like $1.99 for
for and they've lasted quite a while now
and then I just wear 160 grams of the
protein yogurt into each portion sighs
this is so satisfying to watch back it
looks like white chocolate from here but
yet you get quite a lot of mixture I
always think when stuff the best way
because you can track your macros and
you just get equal portion sizes in each
one oh my goodness look at that it's
like white chocolate melt it and then
this next part is optional but I am
obsessed with these zero sugar zero
calorie vanilla flavor drops they're
quite strong so you only need about a
drop into each one but they make all the
difference and taste really good I've
also got the coconut ones and then I
just give them a stir into each Bowl and
then we're going in with the frozen
berries these are so good and I'm using
two big scoops which works about 70
grams of the frozen berries again you
could use like any fruit toppings of
choice so next up I'm using some cacao
nibs I absolutely love these and also
some ground cinnamon so I'm sprinkling
two grams of the two colonnades into
each pause and portion size these are
really nice you could also use like milk
chocolate drops or dark chocolate ones
it just adds like a bit of crunch to
texture and then I'm also just
sprinkling ground cinnamon I love
putting cinnamon on everything it's my
favorite so that is my finished first
meal which is a good breakfast or snack
how delicious does that look so it's so
good and really high protein amazing
macros as well and then I'm just sealing
in each container to pop into the fridge
you could also freeze these as well and
but yet I'd really recommend keeping
refrigerators at all times
the first lunch or main meal whatever
you prefer is going to be like a salmon
potato and the most tasty salad ever
tonight it's one of my bro to you and
it's super satisfying or really really
tasty so I'm excited to share this and
you're gonna need a big slab of salmon
for four portions worth some boiled well
not boiled some white potatoes to boil
and one packet is more than enough for
portions worth but depending on the
portion sizes and
some a bag of like salad toys I just
gone and I'm holding some olives to put
on the top this little packet has like
feta cheese work it's really really good
as a cucumber I'm just gonna chop the
whole thing up and add that into like a
salad bowl and then some cherry tomatoes
I just cooked like half a packet of
these up to pop in as well so I'm
starting with boiling the kettle to boil
the potatoes i boiled the choices for
about 10 minutes before popping them
into the oven for around 20 I always
start with the potatoes just because
obviously they take longer than like the
salmon and my preparing the beds and
whatnot so whilst my potatoes are
boiling away I just grab my chopping
board and start preparing all the veg
and make sure that's washed before I
start chopping away I find it easy it's
just to pop everything into one like
salad mixing bowl so you can mix it all
together and then I add salt sauces and
stuff so I'm just measuring out 2news
grams of tomatoes before I start
chopping them you actually get loads out
that's not even half a pack or like the
small pack of tomatoes and then just
chopping all my tomatoes into my
quarters and then popping them into the
salad bowl as well and after 10 minutes
I'm just draining out my potatoes and
then getting them ready to pop into the
oven for about 20 minutes or so and then
obviously just pop in my potatoes onto
some tinfoil before popping it into the
oven then I just measure out two grams
of extra virgin olive oil to pop all
over my toes but there's nothing worse
than I'd drive the taste Rosa must admit
so yeah I'm gonna season those two for
seasoning I'm using the tropical so an
old purpose and just some garlic
granules really really simple obviously
just use whatever seasoning you've got
in this is just what I fancied and I
already have this in I didn't buy these
from Lidl and then I'm just popping my
potatoes into the oven for about 20
minutes but yeah just keep an eye on
them after I've got my potatoes in I
start with the salmon so I just wrapped
that in tinfoil to start with I always
find it easiest to cook like after it's
cooked and everything rather than before
and I'm just seasoning that this is
super quick and easy I'm just using some
garlic granules and some all-purpose
seasoning the game but just seasoning
what
fantasy and it works out 470 grams of
the salmon as well and then I just wrap
it really tight so like no more should
no moisturizer can get out then I'm just
seasoning my salad I'm just popping some
balsamic vinegar on the top of my salad
I find this very satisfying it's super
low cow and really tasty
just put the salmon and potatoes in the
oven the salmon only takes like 10 15
minutes and the change is about 20 so a
little bit longer so that if the potato
is done they actually look really nice I
like threw in a little bit longer so I
like little bit crispier and then the
family's here
everything the salad is there so I'm
just gonna put it all into containers so
it's quite hard to way the actual salad
so you've got like chunks of cucumber
and stuff oh I see way more than others
but I just kind of put like big handfuls
in each so it's like 170 grams into each
little container thing and then just
like push up to the top are so happy
with how the potatoes turned out and so
it works out about 180 grams of potatoes
into each like you just kind of have to
break them up a little bit and add them
into each container so next up is the
salmon which is one of my favorite
fishes I'm so good be really really high
in omega-3 so this is a bit trickier to
measure out because it's like one big
slab so you just kind of have to like
it out or I do it anyway but we've
seen you could cut it up I guess but
yeah this is just the easiest way and
I'm just weighing out 113 grams of
salmon into each portion which is
actually really big size and I don't
like being stingy when it comes to some
because I absolutely love it and then
I'm gonna start making the next meal
meat-free meatballs I know you like pea
protein hopefully should really nice
have not tried these before I just
thought I'd make things up but obviously
you could do that alternatives meat ones
turkey ones whatever you fancy and then
I'm going to make some pasta and just
like veggies on the side really really
quick like they only take about like 12
minutes in the oven so and then on the
meatballs I'm just using the same
seasoning the obverse one and the garlic
one
so I'm just starting with putting my
meatballs first in the oven before I
like prepare everything acts these and
they take about 12 minutes and I'm just
popping them in some tinfoil and putting
some garlic seasoning as well as like
the old post one that I used in the
other recipe and then I'm just sealing
the top again like this keeps all the
moisture and I just think they always
taste a bit juicier when you are meal
prepping and especially if you're like
tracking or anything
remember to measure before you add not
add water like measure your pasta dry so
I'm just using this little easily
whole-wheat paths that have been you
need to cut works really nice and I'm
just measuring out 270 grams of the dry
pasta and it can be really easy to get
confused so life I just mentioned
earlier make sure that you like measure
it dry and stuff the same goes for rice
tube and then just boiling my pasta
until it's all cooked through once I've
drained my pastor off I also like to add
a bit of seasoning I really like adding
garlic
especially when I'm gonna put like
anything to martyr E on the top of it I
just think it really adds to it and
makes all the difference
so I'm also adding some optional chopped
tomatoes to my pastor these ones are
like a tomato chopped thing with herbs
and tastes really nice actually and just
make quite a bit of a difference it just
adds more like taste to the whole meal
and whilst that on a low heat just
mixing it all around and making sure
it's that all cooks through and lastly
just cutting it might understand luckily
and this only takes like six or seven
minutes it's pretty much cooked the
pastor and then the meatballs are
flipped out and then I've got some
little toppings are just optional I'm
just going to bottle that one overboard
so I'm just starting with measuring out
my broccoli I absolutely love tender son
Brock me I don't know why I haven't
stuck to that earlier to be honest I
used to just get the big round ones but
I just think this has got so much more
taste to it and I'm just measuring out
around 50 grams of the broccoli into
each container then I'm just measuring
out my pastor I like to cook it so it's
ever so like slightly undercooked so
it's not mushy like when you reheat it
during the week so yeah just make sure
that you've drained the pasta and rinsed
it with cold water to stop that
happening because there's nothing worse
than like mushy pasta and then just
portion that out correctly and it works
out like a hundred grams of the tomato
sauce so we see in each container as
well just dimension as well I generally
keep my meal pack around three to five
days like never any longer than five
just because it just gets a bit gross
and I think especially with like a pasta
dish it tends to soak up all the sauce
so it can go a bit dry so that's just a
little heads up so I'm using three
meatballs in each portion which works
out 84 grams of these ones obviously
feel feegan or ever these are fantastic
or vegetarian you could use some other
alternatives or just want some neat ones
and I'm not vegetarian or pescetarian or
anything like that but I just really
fancy trying these when I saw them in
the supermarket this is just an optional
topping I really like olives and it's
like a little feta salad thing and the
angel put this on of course so I'm just
gonna pop some of this on I have to ill
of olives they're really high in vitamin
E and other antioxidants but yeah really
nice toppings and super taste and you've
also got like some seasoned oh no but
yeah I'm adding a 37 point 5 grams on to
each portion and that I start the whole
packet before that just nice quick and
easy and this is a really nice sort of
all a red-hot campus so new prep all
finished and the protein yogurt is the
nicest breakfast as well as just like a
snack in between meals pre post-workout
and really all of these are like super
nutritious and really tasty more
importantly Wow look at that good nurse
all of these - you know lunch or dinner
meal and then in the middle I would love
to see some of your creations if you do
use any of these meal prep ideas by
tagging me on instagram and using the
hashtag a meal prep with lids I just
wanted to show you in this video as well
like you know you can
make me okay exercising it doesn't have
to just be like chicken and rice that's
it you know you can make it really tasty
and I add sauces and whatnot anyway guys
that brings us to the end of this video
I've really enjoyed it let me know what
other like meal prep ideas you would
like to see next like maybe a breakfast
edition snack edition I listen that
Queen by the way and see like we know in
the comments down below I'd love it if
you could stick around during the fam
and subscribe thank you so much for
watching I'll see you guys in the next
video